and then last fall we started this
expansion which we opened in june of
this year basically we went from 1500 to
almost 12,000 square feet so pretty
sizable expansion
it's almost like apple right here yeah
you know PH meters hydrometer is real
precise thermometers all that type of
stuff we've got a scale this is actually
what r I looks like as a green it's a
cereal grain like oats or wheat but when
barrels age you know we are 53 gallon
new white oak barrels from west of
Missouri that we put 53 gallons of the
stuff that just was coming out of the
still out of them when we opened them up
or three or four years you typically
lose anywhere from three to seven
percent of your product to evaporation
called the angel's share exactly anyway
what this does this station right here
blows air into each bottle case there's
any dust particles or anything that are
that are in them right here is our six
bottle filler we fill six of them at a
time then we hand cork them all
you
Jason here at a signature please
the Baba Yaga Bob Feller man here from
amazon tiger yes so a couple of people
at eighteen seventeen eighteen money you
are like the most VIPs we can have here
you're our best friend so really we had
a good time we really look at the camera